EXPRESS is ...

body-parser	Parse HTTP request body. See also: body, co-body, and raw-body.	express.bodyParser
compression	Compress HTTP responses.	express.compress
connect-rid	Generate unique request ID.	NA
cookie-parser	Parse cookie header and populate req.cookies. See also cookies and keygrip.	express.cookieParser
cookie-session	Establish cookie-based sessions.	express.cookieSession
cors	Enable cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) with various options.	NA
csurf	Protect from CSRF exploits.	express.csrf
errorhandler	Development error-handling/debugging.	express.errorHandler
method-override	Override HTTP methods using header.	express.methodOverride
morgan	HTTP request logger.	express.logger
multer	Handle multi-part form data.	express.bodyParser
response-time	Record HTTP response time.	express.responseTime
serve-favicon	Serve a favicon.	express.favicon
serve-index	Serve directory listing for a given path.	express.directory
serve-static	Serve static files.	express.static
session	Establish server-based sessions (development only).	express.session
timeout	Set a timeout period for HTTP request processing.	express.timeout
vhost	Create virtual domains.	express.vhost
Additional middleware modules
These are some additional popular middleware modules.

Warning: This information refers to third-party sites, products, or modules that are not maintained by the Expressjs team. Listing here does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation from the Expressjs project team.

Middleware module	Description
cls-rtracer	Middleware for CLS-based request id generation. An out-of-the-box solution for adding request ids into your logs.
connect-image-optimus	Optimize image serving. Switches images to .webp or .jxr, if possible.
express-debug	Development tool that adds information about template variables (locals), current session, and so on.
express-partial-response	Filters out parts of JSON responses based on the fields query-string; by using Google API’s Partial Response.
express-simple-cdn	Use a CDN for static assets, with multiple host support.
express-slash	Handles routes with and without trailing slashes.
express-stormpath	User storage, authentication, authorization, SSO, and data security.
express-uncapitalize	Redirects HTTP requests containing uppercase to a canonical lowercase form.
helmet	Helps secure your apps by setting various HTTP headers.
join-io	Joins files on the fly to reduce the requests count.
passport	Authentication using “strategies” such as OAuth, OpenID and many others. See http://passportjs.org/ for more information.
static-expiry	Fingerprint URLs or caching headers for static assets.
view-helpers	Common helper methods for views.
sriracha-admin	Dynamically generate an admin site for Mongoose.